what's up guys I play and i'm going to
show you guys what classes I use in what
situations i like to use them in so
let's get started first off i prefer
just like when i'm playing more of a
defensive say demolition or search
destroy you even played playing defense
you know sit back i like using the g11
armed with lightweight you know the
first perk on all my classes right now i
think is lightweight and i have one flak
jacket but first work is usually you can
mix it up with the first perk I've i
usually use light way to fly check it
and um yeah so the g11 I like sitting
back with that with no attachments are
steady aim on this gun i really like it
i it's just like it's like the m16 with
double tap from the older games and our
say rapid fire it's it's a good spring
on also so that's uh what I liked used
offensively favorite all-around gun
right here ak-47 extended mags um I used
light weight on this one with sleight of
hand I like reloading that big magazine
real fast and it still sprays real good
with a slight of hand on there um my
next class is the famas red dot sight
with the same perks as a AK i use the
famas more rushing i like spraying with
the famas a little more within the AK
the AK I like aiming down the sights and
light people up for more longer range
with AK it's just my preference famas
hyper for prefer mid to close range AK
any range for me now for my submachine
guns when I'm rushing trying just
flat-out rush i'm using the aks-74u
lightweight is a must on this rushing
class and studying in that way i can
spray with this thing and finally this
has to be honestly it might seem a
little noobish but i don't know i don't
know what you guys will think but i use
warlord pro and flak jacket pro i use a
grip with rapid fire on this this thing
is honestly gun to gun battle this thing
will almost always win I mean except
from long range of course but the reason
I use flightcheck it is because the
chance of dying
from a claymore is so little that I can
run pretty much all over the map without
worrying about what's going to be
sitting behind the next corner and worry
more about getting kills so yeah these
are my class setups guys and by no means
am I saying you have to use these
classes this is only way you're going to
get kills I'm just throwing ideas to you
guys see everyone has a different
preference to gun everyone's good with
different guns so uh hopefully you guys
can get some ideas from these and get
some more kills leave a comment of what
you guys prefer to use these situations
see